---
layout: drama
title: London Underground
---

_For Auraz Yazan Budeiri_

The station we pass through is nothing but one, great hall of intensely bright, white neon light from all directions. As I look up from my book (Jorge Luis Borges' 'Ficciones') to check which station we are at I am temporarily blinded; when I look back down at the pages they are simply sheets of a shimmering purple-green and, though I blink furiously, no lettering emerges. The audio announcement calls out something (presumably the answer I was looking for) in some foreign tongue that I cannot make out; the doors close, and the whir and rattle of our hurtling journey begins, anew. Though I stare down at my shining novel that offers no diversion, I am acutely aware of each of my fellow passengers (in this carriage at least, for- contrary to statements I may have purported previously, in past monologues- I am not a mystic); a conglomeration of cultures; ages; moods; pasts, and futures. I try to force my mind to pay them no attention, but as no words leap up at me from the page I find myself feebly attempting to stumble into their psyches, through means ofquick and timorous glances in their general direction. The man directly opposite me is tall- that much I can tell without even looking up, his feet enter my vision just above the page-line- and, froma glance I shot as he entered a few stations back; South-American, or at least borne of a family that can trace their ancestry back to somewhere in that continent. I suppose Mexico is also an option, forthis one. Despite his size and obnoxious invasion of my line of sight I have glimpsed him fully a few times since  he entered, him sitting exactly where my eyes follow when I raise my head: he has not moved since he took his seat, and he is dressed all in black. His head faces downwards, staring at the space between his own feet; his look is one of intolerably passionate misery, and though his shoulders sway with the momentum of our subterranean vessel like the rest of us, he has not fidgeted or moved voluntary in any way, throughout his journey. Naturally I find this somewhat disturbing, and my instinct leans me toward reaching out to this man to ask him what is wrong- not with any hope of genuinely consoling him or any other altruistic motivation, more to purge my own curiosity- but my social determinism leans me toward the exact opposite. Either way, even as I wonder what may or may not be troubling him (perhaps he 'just has one of those faces') I cannot focus my full concentration on speculating over his mental state for- just as my book has been suppressed- I am distracted by a couple at the other end of the carriage, who are kissing. My glanceshere are sidelong so I cannot make out much of their features or dress other than that they are man and woman and they are both Caucasian, and both entirely lost in lust. Or at least, so it would seem with the first glance- but on the second I catch her hand restraining his and sense that they are both in fact aware of their environment and their onlookers; from what I witness I gather that she is not comfortable with this, whereas he appears to thrive off it. My attention was drawn over to them by the conversation of two male youths to my left who I have not deigned to look up at, from their voices they are from somewhere outside London (although as a firmly rooted local I could not tell you where); their dialogue is both incessant and irritating, and- come to think of it- gives good reason for why the man before me is stuck in such a depressive bodily state. They had been trying to remember when it was that one of their friends, whose name is Finn (who, it seems, has been having some difficulties recently), first started acting strangely towards them. This had been their topic for at least two stops hence, although I cannot be certain as I waver in and out of listening intently; until they noticed the couple, and both made a few quiet whistling noises and sordid jokes that lead me to look up and observe the couple. When I did look up, I was immediately terrified- notthat the couple would see me and think my interest perverse- but that one of these young men mightnudge me with an elbow and expect a similar sordid comment from me of the like they have been making. Fortunately this situation was (I think, narrowly) avoided, and I understand that my book isonce again my saviour; as the audio announcement calls out 'we are now approaching...' then drifts back into its usual alien dialect, I am able to decipher one sentence: 'In some shelf of some hexagon,men reasoned, there must exist a book which is the cipher and perfect compendium of all the rest: some librarian has perused it, and it is analogous to a god.'

The motion has stopped and I foolishly raise my head in attempt of gaining the name of the station we are at, and am once again robbed of my vision. It occurs to me, suddenly, that I cannot recall which station is my destination; which line I am travelling on. I look up and great blobs of the purple-green ethereal essence flash everywhere; the couple have gone, and an older woman is taking a seat next to the man in front of me. The two to my left continually natter;- now, concerning a woman named Bethany who is a mutual acquaintance of them both, their perception of her misgivings, what she will or will not do, in bed- I glance up to my right and see hordes of human specimens previously unseen by me, but there are too many to take in with such short glimpses, andI decline my head. Resigned to staring at my once more empty sheets (and wondering now if anyone else has noticed that I sit here reading without ever turning the pages) I am ready to tune in to the habits and shortcomings of Bethany when I hear the sound of weeping and look up, now feeling justified in holding my head upright. The doors shut and the rattle picks up again and I instinctively turn back to my book before remembering what it was that lead me to look up, so look up again, at her. The older woman who has just entered, who also looks Hispanic; she wears torn blue denim jeans and a dark blue cardigan and has one of those things draped around her head; she is holding her face in her hands, crying. Our Mexican, who is sitting next to her: now he moves. He turns to face her, putting a hand on her shoulder, leans in, whispers something I can't make out and she ignores him, unflinching in her melancholy. I stare at this little scene for what feels like years; him offering more soft words, attentive between pauses and glances forward at me and the two to my left; her never taking her hands away from over her eyes, quivering with emotion, apparently ignorant, or incapable of rectifying, the concern she is causing. After a spell I begin to feel even more wretched in my observation of this than I did glancing at the couple earlier, and try to break my gaze, but I can't; I am locked, staring at these two; even the two to my left are speechless, and a little downcast (from what I can sense, through body language I make out with my peripheral vision). The door to the next carriage to my left slams and we are all broken out of our trance (save the older woman) momentarily, a haggard looking man; bearded, wearing old-style hat and trench-coat has entered, holding a bunch of pamphlets that he seems readying himself to hand out tous. Immediately the two to my left re-enter their squalid discourse; begin discussing which drugs they should take this eve for a rave they are headed to, and the Mexican turns back to his new foundcompanion, who is still crying. Having been ignored by each of these in turn the newcomer drops one of his pamphlets down on my book and mumbles something, as I look up he is already halfway down the carriage holding onto the rails, pulling himself forward by his hands like an ape. I look down again and see that it is not a pamphlet he has given me but a single card, all red with black lettering, that says simply: 'VOTE REMI D.' I turn the card in my fingers to see if there is anything prescribed on the back but there is nothing, and I am thinking... is there some new party I haven't heard of, that is famous enough to not name itself and only its representative minister? ... Who, or what, is Remi D.?

I pocket the piece of card and look up at a new station emerges, the two to my left rise and exit; more still enter as I look down at the pages that offer no diversion, as I turn that name around and around in my head; and in a brief flash of dim enlightenment, suddenly, everything makes sense.
