---
layout: drama
title: Observe the crocodile
---

Mankind will always create myths for itself. Even or perhaps especially if those myths are substantiated by 'proven' fact. Observe the crocodile and how perfectly formed it is to perform all the various tasks that it performs. Now observe the human being, and I ask, why have we developed these ridiculous brains? Of course, factually, we know why or at least I have assumed (without consulting research, begging your pardons) that we have brain-capacity like a deer has antlers—in short we have always been at war without selves and higher intelligence once resulted in more chance of survival and propagation.

I only say at war with each other because only when a mirror reflects itself is the image made eternal. In other words had we all been one group hunting mammoths then we would have become the perfect mammoth hunters, but we didn't. I suppose my argument is that what human beings are is evolutionarily unprecedented when compared to hunting/evading predators or survival in general, but then so is a bird's plumage in this regard. So, a deer could have spikes on its head to spike a wolf and all that would need to do was get longer or harder depending what the wolf does to compensate; but only when fighting another deer do the spikes become antlers. This is why we sacrifice ourselves in such great number in the name of war. We are each of us born fighting an instinctive battle to pass on our own genes, which once done we are free to relax and anticipate death, and it is from this secondary stance that the social formations of mankind are governed. The trick is not just to avoid war yourself, but to actively promote the existence of war and to persuade others to join in with it. This is what constitutes true sexual, racial, political, social religions: power. It is why we have a global ruling class, even though they themselves may not be aware of it. They are destined for a superior genetic class; global politics runs itself naturally, anarchic, like some fabled Nazi dream. Which, watered down or rather poured in the ocean—is, now, how natural selection mustfunction.

Mankind has always created myths for itself: arguably unnecessary is the wake of hunger and natural disasters but then so arguably is a bird's plumage. But then, even, why 'in the wake...?' Humans do not need to be persuaded to band together, this again is survival instinct and altruism has been shown to have evolutionary benefits; it is only in instances of extreme danger or panic that self-interest kicks in. WHICH IS WHY WE ARE ALL SO OBSESSED WITH FEAR. The human capacity for self-delusion is extraordinary. We have so much to worry about, all for perfectly justified reasons and yet coincidentally this worrying in itself heightens our capacity for ignoring our more compassionate impulses. Global politics and media are us as a species shaping ourselves into our ideal, Godlike image: the ultimate survivalist, adaptation machine. Which machine, by the way, is known and generally accepted to serve a high power and guiding force, be that God or Truth or just the future, or the genes themselves.

The problem, and herein comes the delicacy in posing any kind of argument ever, is language. This is rudimentary but in case you've forgotten I'll give you an example. One man from one part of the world worships God, who he says made him and the world; another man from elsewhere say he worships Bantu for the same reasons: here it is clear to anyone that God and Bantu are simply different sounds (words) that portray the same concept. However, and here's the rub: another man says that in fact the big bang made the world and him and the other two and therefore God and Bantu, which are delusions. This is not new; people have always fought at cross-purposes or rather they have fought for the sake of fighting and the abundance of natural resource doled out to survivors in the wake of mass death, and they often use the same arguments (delusions; sounds) to justify this natural impulse. But still, science and colonization achieved something relatively new, which has been the mark of the modern world, although stems back presumably to the dawn of man, and can be summarized as 'book-burning'. A tribe learns history, fact or fiction, they have a story that they believe and the objective world is irrelevant. The way to end all war is to eradicate the enemy tribe; not just beat them like before but to stamp them out: then they'll stop attacking and we will be free to stagnate; and therefore govern, having excommunicated ourselves from our passion. To create a new word for something for which there was a word already but then, rather than to say that it is new and on-top (contributive for accumulative knowledge (fantasy; sounds)) e.g. 'I no longer worship Bantu, now I worship God'; to say that your new sound refutes the existence of the old sound which had the same meaning completely, e.g. 'I worship God and complicit in this idea is the idea that there never was a Bantu'. These are not just sounds at war, they do not make themselves; this is again the exercise of socio-political power: a culture war; the eradication of a human's action/idea and by result the humans themselves (unless they change and join our group) that are perceived as or rather chosen to be perceived as: enemy. And that is (one reason) why language is a problem, because it has grown with us and like a dog or horse it's ourmonster, only much bigger than us. Because, and though everything is arguably infinitely interpretable or rather the right proof can always be found to validate a myth that we want to create for ourselves, I use this here now for the same effect. I attack a perceived stance that I have seen in other humans, and I conveniently accuse them of adopting or being born with this stance without being aware of it. I seek to remove myself from it and make them harbingers of evil, and thus the myth is born. It is true that power corrupts but it must be remembered that just as there is no absolute power, so too is there no absolute absence of power.

