---
layout: drama
title: Sweet Gum
---

<br>

But what now? What comes next? After all I believe I speak for everyone here when I say that this is just like all the other moments we spend our lives waiting for. There’s some kind of sweet gum in the center of the red lollipop I crunch between my teeth, littered with—like every rose—shards of sharp and pensive sugar, boiled with flavourings into a hard (???) sweet. As I toss the stick into my bin I begin to realize all my eagerly awaited anticipation follows only from love—as a result of this I cannot allow anything but love to be transgressed in any action I may ever take; no fuel can be found in hate except in that penance of remorse, our ghosts and the angels who sang of beginnings and of ends. If it were a fixed line, and something indefinitely implacable could be sensed asforthcoming, then what would become of now and how could the past ever find any kind of end? Humanity... exists. Time and space and life and concepts, feelings posed upon our environment; your involvement, my desires; brought home to rest here on this page, this fine evening on the twenty somethingth of January in this grand year of our Lord 2008; pushed past suffering lengths of delves (?) into space between perceptions; gates to whole new formations andold reflections cast together to breach the only forsakeable indubitable alloy that can only be looked upon by eyes inherent to the nature of a minded universe, or felt by hearts that beat in full choruses of spinning light and darkness. I spit out the gum and rest my brahma (?) on the side of an amputated artery, which was once rigged, and now is smoking out defused; I anticipate the coma with every (?) second. And now I sense that the holes we can see in skies and plains of logical cause are in themselves causes, we are in turn causes as they and it and us and we are holes also, and skies....
