---
layout: drama
title: Tempestus
---

Of all the first races of men to dwell upon the realm of dust, Twixiath favoured none. Before the return of Tempest and the floods following the choosing of the children of Hen'ry as the future of mankind, Twixiath lived and ruled in Twixia throughout the time of Sodom and Gomorrah; of Zion and the elder races of men. All of these he knew to be liars and heretics, for he and his disciples alone now knew the truth, and had walked amongst Tempest in the gardens of Merrydon, at the dawn of time. But Twixia was isolated and was not known of widely afore Twixiath was slain by the hand of his own second disciple, Mecusieth, and Twixia brought to ruin. The tale is always told of the journeys of his disciples following his death, of their missions to spread the word of Twixia throughout the ancient people of earth; of how truth and goodness was at each turn twisted, subverted and usurped—by the very liars and heretics who Twixiath had spent his daysalive trying to wipe out. But never before were the stories told of before Twixiath's death, of how he lived and ruled amongst the other nations of his time—besides the infamous affairs of his mass genocides and executions. He was seen by many of the other rulers as a belligerent tyrant, a bully, who enjoyed his title only if it was used to the expense of lives of all free people. But he was feared, he was, after-all, the First Man; immortal, created by the Creator (Tempest) at the beginning of time to govern all men; created wiser and strongerthan any other could be. As he himself knew this to be the case, he saw himself as a liberator and a bringer of knowledge, [?] the extermination of al the liars and heretics of the time, whom he referred to as 'filthy-good-for-nothing-pagans'. Amongst there he counted: the Jews, the Nephilim, all the tribes of Egypt and North Africa, all the tribes of mid and south Africa, the Persians, the Huns, the Ottomans, the Mayas, the Persians, the Huns and the other Mongols, the Gauls, the Franks, the Celts, the Vikings, the early Anglo-Saxons, the Slavs of northern Europe and the A[??] barbarians of the middle, even the tribes in the south who would become the Romans, even the tribes of North America, whom he knew of and had all intention of slaying. The only people he lived amongst peacefully for a time, aside his own people, were the people of the Far East, the ancient Empires of China and the war-bred people of ancient Japan; and even then he looked upon them with disdain for their lack of faith, and killed the most powerful of the leaders of the land while he resided there with his disciples Timoklon the Creator and George the Barbarian. Even after he left, George stayed and waged relentless war upon the people until the whole far-eastern land mass grew to fear the name of “King George', as he had named himself, or 'Genghis Khan', as it translated to in their tongue. Genghis grew tired of his war eventually and travelled west unto the Dacean Empire, where he slayed a dragon and saved the people; so they proclaimed him new Emperor of Dacea after he had stricken the dragon into the sea of Dacea, which become black and was named 'Ul Turu Thek'; the Black Sea. While George resided there he killed a wondering Viking called Ljefle for claiming to be the first man. He then grew restless and travelled to the island of the Anglo-Saxons, where he was called Saint George: established his cross, established the Templar Knights, and gathered his army of the crusades to head back east and cause more bloodshed under his new banner St. George's Cross, which later became the flag of the nation of England.

And while George Barbarus was time-travelling, Twixiath was dying, and not being re-born...'

###TEMPESTUS
