---
layout: drama
title: The lion
---

<br>

Take this body: the Lion. She or he has everything it needs: water to drink, air to breathe; territory for its clan; prey to feast upon; the mating season has passed and it has passed its genes on to form new ripples in the pool… To give it’s life meaning? And the human asks: what next? The lion slept, and satisfied lies content… It simple sits and watches the world spin. Where the human is hungering still, and feels as if it will never be content; the human wanders into unknown territories, in search of stimulus everlasting. Count the years the so-called Son of the creator walked among us; double that number, double that and for even longer still we have been self-conscious beings. And still the world of mankind marches to laws and customs that embody law of the plains. As if we were still beasts. This being, with the body of a lion and the head of a man, that considers itself outside and above it’s own nature, wills and will—naturally— select; our own kin gunned down and burnt at the stake of ourselves, by ourselves. And all because of our esteemed (?) rational prowess, if the original product is the same. Or was, until each (?) to exist and (?) in separate times and spaces; accepting the self-appointed out of trust, in knowledge. Denying what is inherent, despite and not in spite of what we know, what we’ve known across all these years; that all this knowledge is arbitrary. When it would seem that unconsciousness is our doom that curses us into acting this way; when it is the consciousness that is inherent and allows and teaches us: a natural, human-given, but God-like potential. And for what? What Next? Communism? If humanity wishes to live like a beast then so be it, and it is still beautiful; but it is at the cost of the denial. Of the only thing we truly know and feel to be right. Accept that and you are no longer a beast, but a King in Hell. Until, or unless, the second coming comes, so the moon can produce its own light and we can embody our true nature: the servants of heaven. It would take only one beam, one spark of starlight—but then it would also have to take the rest. It would, it will, and we continue to will, regardless of the raw power of our nature, of our duty, and our destiny. When the course of history has already passed infinite times in infinite spaces, it’s no wonder it seems fated. What is to non-? Is the aggressive expansion of animal evolution alongside the slow and steady progression of spinning, hurtling momentum that keeps our others’ halves from wanting; hungering in darkness. From the first burst to the collapse. We cannot hope to change that which is already written in stones surrounding nuclei of pasts or futures—but we can observe the life, and ask ourselves about how it pans out. All this progression; and is it ascension, or descension?
